README.md, before:

# Giphy-API
In this assignment, we create a GIPHY API dynamic search engine using jQuery, AJAX calls, HTML, and JavaScript. The goal is to populate the page with gifs by creating and storing buttons, as well as changing the hTML of the site.

### User Instructions
Click on an animal button to see all the gifs related to this specific animal. To see more and add buttons, just type the name of the animal/object that you wish to see.  

### Overall Goals
- [x] Get familiar with parameters (q, limit and rating).
- [x] Practice creating an app as well as generating an API key.
- [x] Switch the protocol in the query URL from http to https, so the app works properly when deployed to Github Pages.

### Procedural Goals
- [x] Create an array of strings, each one related to a topic (in this case animals).
- [x] Take the topics in the array and create buttons in the HTML.
- [x] When the user clicks on a button, the page should grab 10 static, non-animated gif images from the GIPHY API and place them on the page.
- [x] When the user clicks one of the still GIPHY images, the gif should animate. If the user clicks the gif again, it should stop playing.
- [x] Display each gif's rating.
- [x] Add a form to the page that takes a value from a user input box and adds it to the array. Then make a function call that takes each topic in the array and remakes the buttons on the page.
- [x] Add to Portfolio.

### License
N/A

###### :+1: Thanks for reviewing!

Commit message:

bugs fixed and readme edited

README.md, after:

# Giphy-API
In this assignment, we create a GIPHY API dynamic search engine using jQuery, AJAX calls, HTML, and JavaScript. The goal is to populate the page with gifs by creating and storing buttons, as well as changing the hTML of the site.

### User Instructions
Click on an animal button to see all the gifs related to this specific animal. To see more and add buttons, just type the name of the animal/object that you wish to see.  

### Overall Goals
- [x] Get familiar with parameters (q, limit and rating).
- [x] Practice creating an app as well as generating an API key.
- [x] Switch the protocol in the query URL from http to https, so the app works properly when deployed to Github Pages.

### Procedural Goals
- [x] Create an array of strings, each one related to a topic (in this case animals).
- [x] Take the topics in the array and create buttons in the HTML.
- [x] When the user clicks on a button, the page should grab 10 static, non-animated gif images from the GIPHY API and place them on the page.
- [x] When the user clicks one of the still GIPHY images, the gif should animate. If the user clicks the gif again, it should stop playing.
- [x] Display each gif's rating.
- [x] Add a form to the page that takes a value from a user input box and adds it to the array. Then make a function call that takes each topic in the array and remakes the buttons on the page.
- [x] Add to Portfolio.

### Errors fixed
1. I kept getting error 403 on the API call. This was fixed by adding an "&" symbol between the end of the API key and the limit parameter.
2. Then, the images weren't loading, and this was due to a missing bracket on the .done(function(response) :woman_facepalming:
3. Lastly, the page kept reloading (even when ALL functions minus $('#search-submit').click(function() where commented out), and this was because I didn't have the event.preventDefault() after the function. 


###### :+1: Thanks for reviewing!
